Hello.
I'm Cazabichos Frank ...
... and that's Frank from the Safari Zone.
We are observing how these bugs ... called ...
... that ...
Camera: Kangaskhan?
If you were ready, I already knew how they said ...
... to what was going ...
I'm bugs, they are very, very protective of their young ...
So do not lie down in any way!
I'll show you the picha of this Nidorino.
Frank ...
What do you want, fuck?
Did not you say that you should not approach it under any circumstances?
Calla calla!
That we are already close to them, you.
To see, to see, to see ...
Record them
But focus me ...
But ...
Collons!
Also to them!
Are you stupid?
Try to record us all!
Sshhhh!
Well ...
... as I said ...
The Kangaskhan are Pokémon very difficult to capture.
You already throw a stone or a bait ...
... they will always flee ...
Eh Frank, look ...
Calla collons!
No, look at this egg!
You, you, you, you, you ...!
Watch, watch!
See what illusion!
Let's see the birth of a Kangaskhan breeding!
Surrealism!
Listen to Frank.
What?
This is because the Kangaskhan are ...
... the whores of the Safari Zone ...
Now I will approach you to show you how closely they are ...
No, Frank, uncle ...
What if man ...
Burn closely, fuck ...
What if he devours us?
Let me see ...
I do not know ...
What else do you give ...
Sorry i ...
... I can not ...
But ...
Fotre ...
Let's see what happens to this little car now ...
Well ...
So ...
We will continue recording at ...
What happens now ...?
Let my nose ...
Well, clean the camera ...
I would not like that the Zubat approached your colleagues ...
After the wafer you gave me ...
Now I am going to show you how it is ...
... the picha of a Rhyhorn.
Well
Let's get closer to the Kangaskhan without disturbing ...
But what are you doing!
That's how the friendship of the Kangaskhan wins!
Ep!
'These two buds are loaded with stone bumps to this one!
So ...
He will have to escape!
As we always do ...
One moment ...
Look good on them ...
Do not bring Safari Balls!
Good
So we can kill them without worry!
Frank, that hurts me ...
Shut up ...
... cagat ...
And we continue to show our friendship by throwing more stones ...
* RUGIT *
* COP *
The camera ...
Get the camera Santiago ...!
Nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, anything ...
You have to leave by legs, you ...
Look what I told you!
Who could like to throw stones?
Calla collons!
To finish ...
... I will show you how the picha of a Metapod is.
And also that of this Psyduck!
'Sai-ai-ai!